%{
 type: "multi-choice"
}

---
## Vulnerabilities, Licensing Issues, Cyberattacks, Lawsuits
Beware vulnerabilities and licensing issues
will randomly appear and block completing rows.
Too many and cyberattacks and lawsuits may ensue.

### Vulnerabilities
Known vulnerabilities are yellow/gray blocks
that appear either in dropping blocks or in uncleared blocks at the bottom.

Vulnerabilities occur due to technical debt.
Technical debt accrues in QuadBlocks with every drop of a block
and in Quiz with every question.

Vulnerabilities will prevent a row from being cleared,
and too many vulnerabilities will lead to a cyberattack
(see below).

Powerups are needed to counter vulnerabilities.
Powerups that might be useful include:
- <i class="fas fa-square"></i> remove a block (leaves a hole in its place)
- <i class="fas fa-eraser"></i> clear all blocks. Note this will remove the good blocks as well
- <li><i class="fas fa-wrench"></i> fix a vulnerability. This replaces a vuln with a good block
- <i class="fas fa-hammer"></i> remove all vulnerabilities at once leaving holes in their place
- <i class="fab fa-superpowers"></i> Superpower - exchange for any other powerup

### Licensing Issues
Licensing issues are brown/grey blocks
that also prevent a row from being cleared.
The more license issues, the greater the likelihood of a lawsuit (see below).

Powerups are needed to counter licensing issues.
Powerups that might be useful include:
- <i class="fas fa-square"></i> remove a block (leaves a hole in its place)
- <i class="fas fa-eraser"></i> clear all blocks. Note this will remove the good blocks as well
- <i class="fas fa-screwdriver"></i> fix a licensing issue
- <i class="fas fa-tape"></i> remove all licensing issues
- <i class="fab fa-superpowers"></i> Superpower - exchange for any other powerup

### Cyberattacks
Too many (5) vulnerabilities
in the blockyard
(the bottom collection of stopped blocks)
will result in a cyberattack.
A Cyberattack looks like a row of yellow blocks across the middle of the
playing field.
Cyberattacks will speed up the game, and hemorage points until countered.

Quickly hit the spacebar (switch from QuadBlocks to Quiz) and use your powerups
to counter the attack. Particularly useful in this case are:
- <i class="fas fa-eraser"></i> clear all blocks
- <i class="fas fa-fast-backward"></i> slow down - you'll need more than one
- <i class="fab fa-superpowers"></i> Superpower - exchange for any other powerup

### Lawsuits
Too many (5) licensing issues will result in a lawsuit.
A lawsuit looks like a column of brown blocks
right up the middle of the playing field.
Lawsuits will slow the game to a glacial crawl
and hemorage points until countered

Hit the spacebar (switch from QuadBlocks to Quiz)
and use your powerups to counter.
Particularly useful in this case are:
- <i class="fas fa-eraser"></i> clear all blocks
- <i class="fas fa-fast-forward"></i> speed up - you'll need more than one
- <i class="fab fa-superpowers"></i> Superpower - exchange for any other powerup

# Question:
In this game (admittedly an artificial construct),
how many licensing issues result in a lawsuit?

## Answers
- 3
- 4
- 5
- 10
- 100

## Score
- Right:25
- Wrong:5

## Powerup
MoveBlock
