## Podii Consultants Ltd.

### Who we are

Podii Consultants Ltd is a fully remote consulting firm with its headquarters in Kisumu, Kenya. We have extensive experience in many diverse areas in software development. Our team, who are professionals, has worked with a wide array of platforms, languages, and tools in the course of our various projects.
As a custom software development firm, we have acquired a vast experience in many divergent areas of software development. Our main stack is Elixir. Our experience, in conjunction with our quality personnel, enables dynamicity to tackle any software development project.

We utilise experience to provide our clients with the best services. We accomplish this by having every member of our team working together to make the project a success by assigning each person a different feature to work on regarding its complexity.
Needless to say, each of these "innovators" brings their particular specialization and experience to the table. 

We believe in setting the path straight and having clarity of our principles to maximise working towards achieving our goals as well as the clients’ with enhanced integrity:
* Agility and Efficiency
* Dependability
* Accountability and Reliability
* Team-work
* Reliability and Accountability
* Honesty and Open-mindedness

# Question:
What does Podii major in?

## Answers

  - Economic Consulting
  - Online Marketing Consulting
  * Software Consulting
  - IT Consulting


## Score
- Right:25
- Wrong:5

## Powerup
Superpower