%{
 type: "multi-choice"
}

---
## Podii Consultants Ltd.

### How we work

We involve the client throughout the process just to make sure things are moving in the right direction with the correct speed, we never get into a hole and emerge with a final product. We also properly test our code to reduce errors that might occur and check teammates' work to ensure the software is maintainable in the long run.
This is how we do it:

### Sprint planning to ensure we are working on the right thing

In sprint planning, usually, we have the final say, when it comes to determining how much work can realistically be accomplished during the sprint and the product owner has the final say on what criteria needs to be met for the work to be approved and accepted.

### Testing code to reduce regression failures

The testing process is an important phase when we develop software. Code testing determines the quality of software that we ultimately ship out to the user.

### Code Review to reduce errors

Code review is a software quality assurance activity in which our team of software developers check the program mainly by viewing and reading parts of its source code after implementation.
What we consider
- Potential Side Effects: we check to see whether the changed code causes any issues in other features.
- Consistency: Ensure that the code style, considering project requirements is achieved and maintained.

### Dedicated hours for bug hunting and solving

We have a day specifically set to dedicate our time in solving these errors.

### What we do:

We do more than write code. Only executive minds can write quality software. Our ability to write mature code is only the tip of the iceberg of our capacity. We provide our clients with a variety of services.


# Question:
When does our team of software developers check the program check the program mainly by viewing and reading parts of its source code after implementation?

## Answers
- Sprint planning to ensure we are working on the right thing
- Testing code to reduce regression failures
- Code review to reduce errors
- Dedicated hours for bug hunting


## Score
- Right:25
- Wrong:5

## Powerup
Superpower
