%{
 type: "multi-choice"
}

---
# OASIS Open
OASIS Open is one of the most respected, non-profit standards bodies in the world.

Secure Quick Response (QR) codes have become ubiquitous. By simply pointing our smartphones, we are able to safely gather information quickly and seamlessly. QR Codes themselves are easily available, ensuring a true democratization of efficiency. Today QR Codes have become an $8.7 billion industry – and none of it would have happened without the work of OASIS Open.

In the past, sudden tsunamis, tornadoes and flash floods took communities by surprise – resulting in devastating cost to human life, and destruction to property and infrastructure. Today, communities everywhere are able to mitigate the destruction caused by natural disasters, thanks to early warning systems made possible by OASIS Open. Disseminated simultaneously over multiple communication outlets, these alerts warn communities of impending danger. So people have time to react, and get out of harm’s way.

OASIS Open is an established non-profit organization where individuals, organizations and governments come together to solve some of the world’s biggest technical challenges through the development of open code and open standards. QR codes, the Common Alerting Protocol (CAP), and the projects at this village are only a few of these open, fair, and transparent standards, which are transforming our world in a positive way, every day.

OASIS Open provided the logistical support for this year's Cybersecurity Automation Village.

# Question:
Which of the following standards were developed at OASIS Open?

## Answers
- STIX
- Amber Emergency Alerts
- SAML
- MQTT
- XACML
- LegalXML
- Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF)
- OData
- Universal Business Language (UBL)
- AMQP
- Digital Signature Services (DSS)
- Secure QR Code Authentication
- Common Alerting Protocol (CAP)
- all of the above


## Score
- Right:100
- Wrong:5

## Powerup
Superpower
