%{
 type: "multi-choice"
}

---
## VEX
VEX stands for “Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange.” 
CSAF stands for "Common Security Advisory Format".
CSAF is an OASIS Standard that has a VEX profile which
allows a software supplier or other parties to assert the status of 
specific vulnerabilities in a particular product or product line.

The primary use cases for VEX are to provide users (e.g., operators, developers, and services
providers) additional information on whether a product is impacted by a specific vulnerability in an
included component and, if affected, whether there are actions recommended to remediate.

A VEX is an assertion about the status of a
vulnerability in specific products. The status can be:
* Not affected – No remediation is required regarding this vulnerability.
* Affected – Actions are recommended to remediate or address this vulnerability.
* Fixed – Represents that these product versions contain a fix for the vulnerability.
* Under Investigation – It is not yet known whether these product versions are affected by the vulnerability. An update will be provided in a later release.

Not_affected is particularly important because it allows users to focus on other products which are affected.
Because there are different reasons for a vendor to assert "not affected",
VEX allows for additional information in the form of a "status justification" which can be:
* component_not_present
* vulnerable_code_not_present
* vulnerable_code_cannot_be_controlled_by_adversary
* Vulnerable_code_not_in_execute_path
* Inline_mitigations_already_exist
Some users may choose to still take mitigating actions depending on the status justification.


# Question:
Which of the following is NOT a valid VEX status justification for "not affeced":

## Answers
- Inline_mitigations_already_exist
- vulnerable_code_not_present
- vulnerable_code_cannot_be_controlled_by_adversary
- is_a_feature_not_a_vulnerability
- vulnerable_code_not_in_execute_path
- component_not_present


## Score
- Right:25
- Wrong:5

## Powerup
FixVuln
