## Risk

This category of questions is
about supply chain risk.
Get points and get powerups
by answering the questions correctly.

Powerups for this category include:
- move block - useful for filling in holes that may result from falling blocks but may also result from other powerups like delete block, remove all vulnerabilities, and remove all licensing issue
- clear blocks - it lets you clear the board of all blocks. This is very useful when you have to
many vulnerabilities or license issues. It's essential if you are attacked or sued.
- speed up - if the game isn't fast enough for you, this will make the blocks drop faster. It's essential if you are sued over licensing issues which slows your profits to a snails pace.
- slow down - if the game is moveing too fast, this will make the blocks drop more slowly. It's essential if you are attacked when things are moving too quickly and your profits are bleeding away.
- remove all vulnerabilities - a very useful powerup when an attack is imminent, and crucial once an attack has occured. Note if you don't remove the vulnerabilities than the attack will come right back.
- remove all licensing issues  - a very useful powerup when an law suit is imminent, and crucial once an lawsuit has occured. Note if you don't remove the licensing issues than the lawsuit will come right back.

Note an attack occurs when there are 5 vulnerabilities in blockyard
(the bottom collection of stopped blocks).
Similarly a lawsuit occurs when there are 5 licensing issues.

# Question:
In this game (admittedly an artificial construct),
how many vulnerabilities result in a cyber attack?

## Answers
- 3
- 4
* 5
- 10
- 100

## Score
- Right:25
- Wrong:5

## Powerup
MoveBlock
