%{
 type: "multi-choice"
}

---
## Quantitative Risk
The Home Umbrella Medical Device Rumor Underwriting Megacorporation (Humdrum)
was formed
when a profitable medical device supplier bought
an umbrella manufacturing company
(umbrellas make great antennae),
a tabloid newspaper (for their perception management),
and an insurance company.

The insurance experts know the value of quantitative
risk analysis (eg using financial probability distributions
eg using Factor Analysis of Information Risk - FAIR)
vs
quantitative (eg red/yellow/green) measures.

The lawyers from the tabloid
(tabloids have extremely-large, well-paid legal teams)
knew the value of predicting future trends in the courts
assessment of what is 'reasonable' in cybersecurity;
and they recognized the importance of 'reasonableness'
in DoCRA (the Duty of Care Risk Assessment).
I.e. that executing 'reasonable' security measures greatly reduces
the liability exposure -
and conversely liability exposure is much higher
if 'reasonable' practices were not followed.

The security engineers from medical device arm of the company
consider (correctly) that creating Software Bills of Materials
is a 'reasonable' security practice for software development
on future medical devices.

There were no security engineers in the umbrella manufacturing arm
of the company and the company is responsible for a large amount of legacy
software from previous attempts to make IoT umbrellas.
The umbrella software development organization was established in the 1980's
following a waterfall model and programming in perl.
They have experience high turnover, and have not updated their
development process since since a disastrous attempt at using ada in 1983.


# Question:
What will be the outcome of a FAIR analysis comparing costs and risks associated
with the decision to either create SBOMs for all the software
purchases, used, or created in Humdrum?

## Answers
- Because they never had to before, Humdrum will follow past practices and not bother with SBOMs for any of their products
- The math of FAIR is fairly :-) easy but creating the business logic/data for FAIR is harder. Since Humdrum doesn't really understand it's own financials, Humdrum will give up on the study entirely and not bother with SBOMs
- The study will show that SBOMs are relatively easy and inexpensive to add to some of the products, especially those following current best practices in software development. But on some of legacy products the analysis will show the risk is not worth the investment of recreating the development of a manufacture discontinued device (that albeit is still in use by a small number of IoT umbrella enthusiasts)
- Because most (albeit not all) quantitative analyses of this type have resulted in a retooling of all development processes to include SBOMs, the outcome will be to create SBOMs for all past, current, and future products.


## Score
- Right:1000
- Wrong:5

## Powerup
ClearBlocks
