%{
 type: "multi-choice"
}

---
## IOB
Addressing the challenges of false positives in cybersecurity alerts with Indicators of Compromise is a complex task. The need to reduce false positives is crucial for effective threat detection, but it poses difficulties in striking a balance between the effectiveness of the detection and the labor required to analyze the data. Filtering out hundreds or thousands of false positives daily requires significant effort, especially for security analysts manually monitoring alerts. While talented detection engineers create specific detection analytics, the highly specific nature of these detections often limits their applicability beyond a particular adversary or threat campaign. The constant evolution of cyber attackers' methods further exacerbates the challenge, as organizations struggle to tailor and update detections rapidly enough to keep pace with the scale and speed of evolving attacks. Indicators of Behavior (IOB) address this challenge by creating correlation rules for multiple detection analytics for identifying sequences of behaviors across multiple campaigns.

# Question:
How do Indicators of Behavior address the challenge of false positives in cybersecurity, offering a more nuanced approach compared to Indicators of Compromise?

## Answers
- By tailoring detections to consider nuance and context of adversary behaviors.
- By increasing the specificity of Indicators of Compromise.
- By focusing solely on the tactics and techniques level of adversary actions.
- By creating correlation rules for multiple detection analytics for identifying sequences of behaviors across multiple campaigns.

## Score
- Right:25
- Wrong:5

## Powerup
MoveBlock