%{
 type: "multi-choice"
}

---
## Help keep AT&T out of the headlines

In Don Heatley's talk on keeping AT&T our of the headlines,
he asks everyone to help with this.
In discussing recent attacks on AT&T, he mentions that phishing
attacks are quick common, and unfortunately
more successful than we would prefer.

### Phishing

Phishing is a type of social engineering attack
often used to steal user data,
including login credentials and credit card numbers.
It occurs when an attacker, masquerading as a trusted entity,
dupes a victim into opening an email, instant message,
or text message.
The recipient is then tricked into
doing something e.g. entering their password
or clicking a malicious link,
which can lead to the installation of malware,
ransomware, or exposing sensitive information.

Not all phishing has you click a malicious link from Russia
(albeit many do).
Sometimes it's open a malicious attachment.
And sometime it even *appears* to be from someone you know
(a spear-phishing attack).
Usually there is some degree of urgency attached
to keep you from investigating further
or following normal channels.

What is common among all phishing attacks is
that is something unexpected.
That should be your first clue to think a little harder
before doing what is requested.



# Question:
What is a common element of every attempted phishing attack?

## Answers
- It asks you to click a link
- It is unexpected
- It asks you to open an attachment
- It comes from someone you know
- It it from Russia

## Score
- Right:250
- Wrong:25

## Powerup
Superpower
