## Executive Order
President Biden signed an
Executive Order (EO) on Improving the Nation’s Cybersecurity
on May 12th, 2021.

The EO calls for
the Secretary of Commerce,
within 90 days,
shall issue guidance
(including standards, procedures, or criteria)
identifying practices that enhance the security of the software supply chain
on providing a purchaser a Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) for each product
purchased (by the government).

An SBOM is defined as a formal record containing the details and supply chain
relationships of various components used in building software.  
Software developers and vendors often create products by
assembling existing open source and commercial software components.  
The SBOM enumerates these components in a product.  
It is analogous to a list of ingredients on food packaging.  
An SBOM is useful to those who develop or manufacture software,
those who select or purchase software, and those who operate software.  
Developers often use available open source and third-party software components
to create a product; an SBOM allows the builder to make sure those components
are up to date and to respond quickly to new vulnerabilities.  
Buyers can use an SBOM to perform vulnerability or license analysis,
both of which can be used to evaluate risk in a product.  
Those who operate software can use SBOMs to quickly and
easily determine whether they are at potential risk of a newly discovered vulnerability.   
A widely used, machine-readable SBOM format allows for greater benefits through
automation and tool integration.  
The SBOMs gain greater value when collectively stored in a
repository that can be easily queried by other applications and systems.  
Understanding the supply chain of software, obtaining an SBOM,
and using it to analyze known vulnerabilities are crucial in managing risk.


# Question:
An SBOM is useful to:

## Answers
- those who develop or manufacture software
- those who select or purchase software
- those who operate software
* all of the above


## Score
- Right:100
- Wrong:15

## Powerup
rm_all_vulns
