%{
 type: "multi-choice"
}

---
## CACAO
The Collaborative Automated Course of Action Operations (CACAO) Security Playbook standard
defines a playbook schema and taxonomy for the purpose of standardizing 
the way we create, document, and share security playbooks.

Security playbooks document processes and procedures for cybersecurity 
and can be used to guide and speed up security operations, 
ensure organizational policy and regulatory framework compliance, 
or purely drive automation functions. 
Thus, security playbooks can be derived in both human-understandable 
and machine-executable formats.

To defend against threat actors and their tactics, techniques, and procedures 
organizations need to detect, investigate, prevent, mitigate, and remediate threats in cyber relevant time. 
To do this, organizations need to identify, create, document, and test the orchestration steps 
needed to achieve these outcomes. 
These steps, when grouped together, form a cyber security playbook 
that can be used to protect organizational systems, networks, data, and users.
CACAO describes how these playbooks can be created, documented, and shared in a structured and standardized way across organizational boundaries and technological solutions.


# Question:
What is CACAO the abbreviation for?

## Answers
- Collaborative Automated Course of Action Operations
- Course of Action for Collaborative Automated Operations
- Not an abbreviation, the authors just like chocolate
- Collaborative Action Can Automate Oasis
- none of the above

## Score
- Right:25
- Wrong:5

## Powerup
DeleteBlock
