%{
 type: "multi-choice"
}

---
## How to Play

This category of questions is about how to play the game.
There are two parts to the game: quadblocks and quiz.

### QuadBlocks
Predictably patterned blocks will fall from the game's sky.
It's your job to spin these blocks mid air
to achieve a perfect fit on the game's ground level.
- LEFT ARROW moves the block array leftwards
- RIGHT ARROW moves the block array rightwards
- UP ARROW pivots the block array 90 degrees

Once an entire row worth of empty spaces are filled with blocks,
that row will disappear and your score will be suddenly flush
with points.
Conversely, if too many blocks accumulate vertically
and extend past the skyline at the top of the game
screen, it's lights out for you.
Budget space and time wisely.

But beware vulnerabilities and licensing issues
will randomly appear and block completing rows.
Too many (5) vulnerabilities
in the blockyard
(the bottom collection of stopped blocks)
will result in a cyberattack.
Too many (5) licensing issues will result in a lawsuit.

The way to handle vulnerabilities/licensing-issues/attacks/lawsuits
is with powerups which come from the Quiz part of the game.

Hit the space bar to switch from QuadBlocks to Quiz.

### Quiz

Get points and get powerups
by answering the questions (like this one) correctly.
There are different categories of questions, and
different questions are worth differing points.

You can skip questions (which still incurs technical debt - more on that later),
and you can get back to QuadBlocks by hitting "Continue",

There are carrots and sticks to encourage you
to not spend too much time exclusively on either QuadBlocks or Quiz.
You need to spend time tending to your business (QuadBlocks)
and you also need to spend time tending to your supply chain
cybersecurity (Quiz).

### End of Game
The game ends when
- you quit
- you ran out of time (all games limited to 15 min)
- you go out of business because your supply chain got too long
   + because you weren't quick enough +/or didn't use your powerups
   + you couldn't weather a cyberattack caused by leaving too many vulnerabilities untended
   + you couldn't weather a licensing lawsuit caused by leaving too many licensing issues untended

### Game Not Ready Until Workshop
You are welcome to play anytime but note the game is undergoing revision
and might not behave correctly until
the workshop.
In particular the question answers may not be programmed in correctly yet.
Please report any issues found to the developers by adding an issue at
https://github.com/sFractal-Podii/quizquadaminos/issues


# Question:
In this game (admittedly an artificial construct),
how many vulnerabilities result in a cyber attack?

## Answers
- 3
- 4
- 5
- 10
- 100

## Score
- Right:25
- Wrong:5

## Powerup
MoveBlock
