%{
 type: "multi-choice"
}

---
## Scoring

Points get added and subtracted for a variety of reasons.

### QuadBlocks
Unless you are under attack, or is a lawsuit,
each tick (ie a block dropping one position)
will add the following points depending on
the speed you are playing at:
- full throttle: 10
- high speed: 5
- fast: 2
- moderate: 1
- leisurely: 0
- sedate: 0
- lethargic: 0
Note this is per tick, and note the tics occur more quickly,
so there is a multipliciative effect.

### Clearing rows

Clearing a row adds points,
potentially a really lot of points,
depending on several factors.

You can clear more than one row at a time.
Row clearing is checked each time a new block
drops into to the brickyard at the bottom of the screen.
One method of clearing multiple rows is
a block that fits into several rows filling
more than one a once.
Another method of filling more than one row
is you use your powerups.
If you fill a row with an 'add block' powerup,
it doesn't score until the next dropping block
hits the brickyard.
This allows you to fill more than one row with powerups
and they all score a the same time.
The base score for filling rows is
100 points multiplies by 2 to the R,
where R is the number of rows filled.
So filling 5 rows at once yields
100 * 2**5 = 100 * 32 = 3,200.

How many questions have been correctly answered is
the second factor in how many points are scored on completing a row.
If you haven't answered any questions,
you get the number mentioned above based on the number of rows.
E.g. 200 for one row.

If you have answered between 1 and 9 questions,
you multiply by 2.
E.g. 400 for one row.

If you have answered between
10 and 19 questions,
you multiply by 3.
Eg.g 600 for one row.

If you have answered between
20 and 49 questions,
you multiply by 5.
Eg.g 1,00 for one row.

If you have answered between
50 and 99 questions,
you multiply by 7.
Eg.g 1,400 for one row.

If you have answered
pver 100 questions,
you multiply by 11.
Eg.g 2,200 for one row.

### Answering Questions
Correctly answering a question
gives both points and a powerup.

The number of points tends to increase
as you move deeper into a category.
Repeat questions, without the explanatory text,
tend to be worth more (so remember your answers!).

You are encouraged to switch back and play QuadBlocks
because the points for answering increases by
the number of blocks played in QuadBlocks
using the following multiplier:
- first block (ie you switched to Quiz as soon as you started), you get the number of points shown (e.g. shows "25", you get 25)
- 2 to 9 blocks, multiply by 2 (e.g. shows "25", you get 50)
- 10 to 49 blocks, multiply by 3 (e.g. shows "25", you get 75)
- 50 to 99 blocks, multiply by 5 (e.g. shows "25", you get 125)
- 100 to 299 blocks, multiply by 7 (e.g. shows "50", you get 350)
- 300 or more blocks, multiply by 11 (e.g. shows "100", you get 1,100)

### Attacks and Lawsuits

When you get attacked, half of your points disappear because you now need
to pay lots of other firms to help you.
Your points continue to leak away the longer you are under attack.

Similarly with lawsuits. Half your points disappear because you need to
pay outside counsel.
Your points continue to leak away the longer the lawsuit continues.


# Question:
A block drops into place completing 5 rows.
You have answered 55 questions and have 305 blocks.
How many points will completing those 5 rows add?

## Answers
- 5 rows * 200 pts = 1,000 points
- 5 rows = 2**5 = 32, so 100 * 32 = 3,200
- 5 rows = 2**5 = 32, 55 question = 7x muliplier; so 100 * 32 * 7 = 22,400
- 5 rows = 2**5 = 32, 305 blocks = 11x muliplier; so 100 * 32 * 11 = 35,200
- I can't count that high

## Score
- Right:50
- Wrong:10

## Powerup
rm_all_vulns
