%{
 type: "multi-choice"
}

---
## Supply Chain
This category is
a potpourri of questions
on supply chain past and present.
Get points and get powerups
by answering the questions correctly.

Powerups for this category include:
- add block - useful for filling in holes that may result from falling blocks but may also result from other powerups like delete block, remove all vulnerabilities, and remove all licensing issue
- move block - useful for filling holes and or getting blocks out of the way
- speed up - if the game isn't fast enough for you, this will make the blocks drop faster. It's essential if you are sued over licensing issues which slows your profits to a snails pace.
- slow down - if the game is moveing too fast, this will make the blocks drop more slowly. It's essential if you are attacked when things are moving too quickly and your profits are bleeding away.
- fix one vulnerabilities - a very useful powerup for preventing attacks
- fix one licensing issues  - a very useful powerup for preventing law suits
- remove all vulnerabilities - get rid of them all, leaving holes in their place
- remove all licensing issues - get rid of them all, leaving holes in their place

This section includes one of two highest point questions,
a 1,000 point question -
which could be worth up to
11,000 points depending on your block count.


# Question:
What is the maximum points you could get from answering a question in this section?

## Answers
- 110,000
- 11,000
- 1,000
- 100

## Score
- Right:100
- Wrong:25

## Powerup
AddBlock
